hey everybody here are some fun facts
the population in Thailand is 63 million
people it is twice the size of Wyoming
none of you know Stu like I do I can't
even tell you what we've been through
cuz we made a pact what I can tell you
is this this is not stews first marriage
there was a whore in Las Vegas a couple
of years sometimes piece of tompa come
have a drink mean the guys go and do me
a favor take my little brother Teddy
with you that is a great idea bring the
kid all right one drink you did a buddy
sure did Cheers here Oh your hair is
gone no oh I'm scared still come on get
up you guys this way home
where are we you're gonna freak out but
it's gonna be okay what's in my teeth
this is a real tattoo how would you do
to me I didn't do anything what's a
monkey where are you guys I don't know
if we woke up in so city they've been
looking for him all morning believe this
is happening again Flores little brother
he's lost not going back without Eddie
who we love to party all I wanted was a
bachelor brunch ciao what are you doing
here but he's my plus-one we had a sick
night bitches check your pockets there
might be close chiang mai monastery I
don't remember any of this what is this
a PF Chang's
where the hell are you Food Bank of
college idiots koala
that one the end
it's a strong
my word what's going on hey guys check
it out Alan cut it out with a monkey
nibbles on the wieners it's funny in any
language
you